okay we're going to show you how to open
your Xbox Live NAT and make your
connection a little bit faster we're
going to need to go to the following
address on your address bar and internet
explorer 192.168.1.1 and a pop-up will
pop up and ask you for a username and
password this is your router's password
is admin with no user name is the
default if it's not working you have to
ask your mom or something who ever
changed it we're going to need to change
your MTU size to 1364 and there's also
another one 1492 you can experiment and
hit Save Changes after you change that
so 1364 people - preferably faster one
we're going to need to go to
applications and games we're gonna need
to port forward to following ports 80 30
74 53 and 88 with both to the following
address 192.168.1.1 4 9 and we will
change your Xboxes IP address to static
in one minute it enabled for both of
those all of them and hit Save Changes
Save Changes sittings are successful
okay now for your Xbox is IP
my xbox and then all the way to the
right
[Music]
change your network settings
the finger settings click
the address change it too
192.168.1
don't change that
for your Gateway time point nine two dot
one sixty eight
it's save their DNS eggs changing the
manual and change both of those to
192.168.1.1
and should be a little bit fast
congratulations